if someone donates $300 i'll do the
cinnamon challenge are you serious
what's funny do people even know what
that is people are already asking can we
get Abraham to do it for a brahim why
don't you go we would be better to go to
sit one I brahms too much for money or
just dial not shit I didn't see a lot of
girls doing it on YouTube it's all the
guys I've cynic out there and she's
fucking those events on solaris same
people wondering what we're always
talking about
people want me to like support Romero
really immature nice priceless she
really good good that's why she's gonna
do fortuna going this cat's in the
background and no shit was given that
day